Please report any bugs, feature requests or suggestions as an issue to this repository.

## New Preferences

The following preference keys were renamed to match internal names:
* `ShowPayloadEditorDisabledKeysSeparator` is now called `PayloadEditorShowDisabledKeysSeparator`
* `ShowPayloadEditorKeyAsTitle` is now called `PayloadEditorShowKeyAsTitle`
* `ShowPayloadEditorSegmentedControls` is now called `PayloadEditorShowSegmentedControls`
* `ShowPayloadLibraryDomainsApple` is now called `PayloadLibraryShowDomainsApple`
* `ShowPayloadLibraryManagedPreferencesApple` is now called `PayloadLibraryShowManagedPreferencesApple`
* `ShowPayloadLibraryManagedPreferencesApplications` is now called `PayloadLibraryShowManagedPreferencesApplications`
* `ShowPayloadLibraryManagedPreferencesApplicationsLocal` is now called `PayloadLibraryShowManagedPreferencesApplicationsLocal`
* `ShowPayloadLibraryDomainAsTitle` is now called `PayloadLibraryShowDomainAsTitle`
* `ShowMainWindowProfileCount` is now called `MainWindowShowProfileCount`
* `ShowMainWindowGroupIcons` is now called `MainWindowShowGroupIcons`

## New Features

### Drag and drop support for payload key values.

It's now possible to drag an application, kext or folder into the TableView of the following payload keys to populate it, instead of manually filling in the required information:

#### com.apple.security.firewall (Firewall)
   - Applications
 
#### com.apple.asam (Autonomous Single App Mode)
   - Allowed Applications
 
#### com.apple.syspolicy.kernel-extension-policy (Kernel Extension Policy)
   - Allowed Team Identifiers
   - Allowed Kernel Extensions
  
#### com.apple.applicationaccess.new (Parental Controls: Application Access)
  - Whitelisted Applications by Code Signature
  - Whitelisted Application Folders
  - Blacklisted Application Folders
 
A small icon in the lower right corner of a CellView will be displayed to show that it supports Drag and Drop.
 
### Manifest Icon Updates

Now when updating manifests, it will also update available icons from the manifest repository.

## New Payloads

* com.microsoft.autoupdate2 (macOS Preference) (Thanks to @clburlison)
* com.apple.applicationaccess (macOS)
* com.apple.applicationaccess.new (macOS)
* com.apple.systemuiserver (macOS)

## Updated Payloads

#### com.apple.SystemConfiguration (Proxies)

* Fixed two keys that shared the same name. (#52)
* Added a missing requirement to proxyURL if Automatic Proxy was enabled.

#### menu.nomad.login.ad (NoMad Login)

* Added new keys for version 1.2

#### Other

* Minor updates to multiple payloads like spelling, key order and descriptions. 

* The ProfilePayloads framework now uses the `pfm_format_version` key in a manifest to determine if it the manifest can be read. 
This allows new keys and settings to be introduced and still keep some backwards compatibility when manifests are updated in the repo but the application is not yet updated.
All manifests with a newer format version than supported will be ignored.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed a "bug" where if you clicked the dock icon when no window was visible, a new document was created. This now shows the main window instead.
* Fixed a bug where the export panel would not show the accessory view in 10.12.
* Fixed a bug where the export panel would crop the accessory view when collapsed in 10.13.
* Fixed a bug introduced in beta 3 where some nested dictionaries where automatically enabled even if the user did not enable the root object required.
* Update the profile name in the General settings if they were visible when the name was set in the "Save As…" dialogue.
* Set the correct background colour for segmented controls that appear at the top of the list in the editor.
* Set a more specific prompt for data CellViews that accepts files. Instead of "Add File" it will now read the UTI description of the allowed file types key to display for example "Add Image".
* ...and many minor bug fixes. 

## Known Issues

* When saving a profile for the first time, on rare occasions it might not save and won't be recognized after a restart.
 (Never found a way to replicate, only rare reports. If this happens to you, please contact me or file an issue.)

## Contribute

There are many ways to contribute to this project. Here are a few listed below:

* Test and report bugs or incorrect behaviour both in the UI and in the exported profiles.
* Language and spelling errors. (English is not my native language).
* Missing payloads or payload keys. (Contribute to the [ProfileManifests](https://github.com/erikberglund/ProfileManifests) repository to improve the manifests used to define all payloads, keys and their interactions.)
* Add feature requests or suggestions by opening an issue in this repository.