This is the first beta release of ProfileCreator.

Please report any bugs, feature requests or suggestions as an issue to this repository.

### Introduction

ProfileCreator is designed to create and edit configuration profiles. This first beta release only allows the user to create and edit pre-defined payloads and keys.

That means that you cannot add custom payloads or keys to the profile. That feature will be added before the application's first release.

Also, there are more payloads not yet available in the application. All apple defined payloads will be added, as well as more open source and third-party application settings.

There are a lot of improvements and features that will be added in the beta cycle before the first release, and as this is this first beta release any feedback is good, but especially on the UI, stability, and bugs.

### Contribute

There are many ways to contribute to this project. Here are a few listed below:

* Test and report bugs or incorrect behavior both in the UI and in the exported profiles.
* Language and spelling errors. (English is not my native language).
* Missing payloads or payload keys. (Contribute to this repository to improve the manifests used to define all payloads, keys and their interactions: [ProfileManifests](https://github.com/erikberglund/ProfileManifests))
* Add feature requests or suggestions by opening an issue to this repository.

### Known Issues

* The export panel's accessory view is not shown in 10.12. 
 (Export still works, just no changes can be made in the export panel).