Please report any bugs, feature requests or suggestions as an issue to this repository.

## New Preferences

### Advanced (New Preference Section)
* **ShowDeveloperMenu**
 Shows the developer menu (default false)

### Payloads (New Preference Section)
* **PayloadManifestsAutomaticallyCheckForUpdates**
 Automatically check the [ProfileManifests](https://github.com/erikberglund/ProfileManifests) repository for updated payload manifests at launch. (default true)
* **PayloadManifestsAutomaticallyDownloadUpdates**
 Automatically download all available payload manifest updates. (default false)

The following preference keys were renamed to match internal names:
 * `ShowPayloadLibraryAppleDomains` is now called `ShowPayloadLibraryDomainsApple`
 * `ShowPayloadLibraryAppleManagedPreferences` is now called `ShowPayloadLibraryManagedPreferencesApple`
 * `ShowPayloadLibraryApplicationManagedPreferences` is now called `ShowPayloadLibraryManagedPreferencesApplications`
 * `ShowPayloadLibraryLocalApplicationManagedPreferences` is now called `ShowPayloadLibraryManagedPreferencesApplicationsLocal`

## New Features

### Developer Menu

* New optional menu in the menu bar. Toggle in preferences.
* Contains one item: "Reload Payload Manifests" which reloads all payload manifests on disk. Useful when creating manifests.

### Export Menu Item

* An "Export…" menu item has been added to the File menu to allow exporting a profile when in the editing window of the same profile.

## New Payloads

* menu.nomad.NoMADPro (macOS Preference)
* com.microsoft.office (macOS Preference)
* com.github.ants-framework (macOS Preference) (Thanks to @knightsc)

## Updated Payloads

### com.apple.general

* `PayloadDisplayName` and `PayloadDescription` are now enabled by default.
* The key `DurationUntilRemoval` is now properly shown in the interface.
* Updated name and description for the key `PayloadRemovalDisallowed` to make it's purpose much more clear.

### com.trusourcelabs.NoMAD (macOS Preference)

* Moved keys in the interface to more logical locations and updated descriptions and defaults.

### ManagedInstalls (Munki) (macOS Preference)

* Updated defaults and added more placeholders and value unit descriptions.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed a bug introduced in beta 2 where arrays were sometimes not exported correctly.
* Automatically generated Integer popUpButtons saved the value in the wrong type. (#48)
* In cases where two payload keys had conditions targeting each other, an incorrect value for one of the keys could be cached.
* Exclude conditionals sometimes made incorrect exclusions when a target was not present in the exported profile.
 (This resulted in that a key that was required if a condition were true, might not be enabled as it should)
* Using "Save As…" when saving profiles had unintended consequences. "Save As…" has been removed from the File menu. (#48)
* Fixed number text fields when added as input type different than export type to work with default- and placeholder values. And setting the correct value.
* Fixed incorrect display of float numbers when set as an integer input type.
* Fixed incorrect indentations when a dictionary title was hidden.
* ...and many minor bug fixes. 

## Known Issues

* The export panel's accessory view is not shown in 10.12. 
 (Export still works, just no changes can be made in the export panel).

* When saving a profile for the first time, on rare occasions it might not save and won't be recognized after a restart.
 (Never found a way to replicate, only rare reports)

## Contribute

There are many ways to contribute to this project. Here are a few listed below:

* Test and report bugs or incorrect behavior both in the UI and in the exported profiles.
* Language and spelling errors. (English is not my native language).
* Missing payloads or payload keys. (Contribute to the [ProfileManifests](https://github.com/erikberglund/ProfileManifests) repository to improve the manifests used to define all payloads, keys and their interactions.)
* Add feature requests or suggestions by opening an issue in this repository.