Please report any bugs, feature requests or suggestions as an issue to this repository.

## New Features

### New Payload Library: Local Preferences (Experimental)

In the Payload library, there is now a new icon of an iMac symbolizing local preferences.

The preference domains that currently exist on your local Mac will be listed under this menu item but only preferences for items in the Applications folder will be shown by default. You can enable to show all preference domains in the settings under "Payloads.". 

Those of you who have used the excellent [mcxToProfile](https://github.com/timsutton) by @timsutton will recognize this feature.

The preferences are collected using the UserDefaults API for all domains that have a property list file in any of the following locations:

* /Library/Preferences
* ~/Library/Preferences
* ~/Library/Preferences/ByHost

ProfileCreator will combine the settings for a domain from all locations into one manifest and present them in the general UI.

The description for each key describes where that setting was defined.

**IMPORTANT: This feature is experimental and will continue to be improved in the coming betas.**

Current limitations are:

```
* Multilevel nested Dictionaries or Array of Dictionaries does not display their contents correctly.
* Settings are only read on application launch.
* Application launch time is slower.
* .GlobalPreferences includes the preferences for ProfileCreator.
* Not all preferences are included, only those with a .plist file in any of the following locations:
    /Library/Preferences
    ~/Library/Preferences
    ~/Library/Preferences/ByHost
```

### Change path for the profile library groups

You can now in the application Preferences under _Library_ select a custom path to a folder where the application will store the profile group save files.

If the path is empty or invalid, the default path will be used instead.

## Updated Features

### Developer Menu

* New item: `Show Payload Manifest` that will show a text representation of the current manifest.

### Profile Importing

* Importing profiles now ignores the following keys included by management applications: 
  - Keys with prefix: **ABT_** (LANrev)

## New Preferences

### Library

* **ProfileGroupLibraryPath**
The path to the folder where the profile group settings are saved.

### Payloads

* **PayloadLibraryShowCustom**
Show the custom payloads created by the user (not available yet) or unknown payloads imported. 

* **PayloadLibraryShowApplicationsFolderOnly**
Include only preferences for applications under /Applications in the Local Preferences view. 
If set to false, includes all preferences.

## New Payloads

* com.apple.FileVault2 (macOS)
* com.apple.SubmitDiagInfo (macOS)
* com.microsoft.autoupdate.fba (macOS)
* com.microsoft.errorreporting (macOS)
* com.microsoft.Excel (macOS)
* com.microsoft.Office365ServiceV2 (macOS)
* com.microsoft.OneDrive (macOS)
* com.microsoft.OneDriveUpdater (macOS)
* com.microsoft.onenote.mac (macOS)
* com.microsoft.Powerpoint (macOS)
* com.microsoft.Word (macOS)
* com.skype.skype (macOS)
* com.grahamgilbert.crypt (macOS)

## Updated Payloads

### ManagedInstalls (Munki)

* Changed the `SoftwareRepoURL` key from required to enabled.

### com.apple.applicationaccess (Restrictions)

* Added the key `allowDiagnosticSubmission`

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed a bug where the general data imports (like scripts for LoginWindow) did not save the imported value.
* Fixed a bug where pasting formatted text kept the formatting in the TextField. (#66)
* Fixed a bug where entering integer values in certain fields returned an unexpected error (#67)
* Fixed a bug where removing a custom imported payload from the profile did not "stick" after save. (#69)
* Fixed a bug where converting between hex strings and data not showing the correct string in the UI.
* Fixed a bug where dropping a .mobileconfig on the app icon didn't import the profile if there were any warnings.
* Now payloads that don't have a configured icon will use a generic dotted square instead.
* ...and many minor bug fixes. 

## Known Issues

* When a profile is reopened by the application at launch, the application doesn't recognize that it's open and multiple copies of the same profile may be open at the same time.

* When saving a profile for the first time, on rare occasions it might not save and won't be recognized after a restart.
(Never found a way to replicate, only rare reports. If this happens to you, please contact me or file an issue.)

## Contribute

There are many ways to contribute to this project. Here are a few listed below:

* Test and report bugs or incorrect behavior both in the UI and in the exported profiles.
* Language and spelling errors. (English is not my native language).
* Missing payloads or payload keys. (Contribute to the [ProfileManifests](https://github.com/erikberglund/ProfileManifests) repository to improve the manifests used to define all payloads, keys and their interactions.)
* Add feature requests or suggestions by opening an issue in this repository.